feat(curriculum): Add A1 Spanish Module The Alphabet and Special Characters (#62719)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/es-a1-learn-vowels/68e6f3bfc3e00d552c65902f.md

Reviewer: The content of the task looks great. I'd approach it differently, but it's a suggestion, if you don't want to take it it's ok. 
Since the previous block is just text, I wouldn't start the content of the course with yet another short article. I would:
- Reduce the content of the task (I'll explain below) and transform it in the description of the next task. 
- Then, I'd remove this initial task. So, actual task 1 is deleted, task 2 becomes task 1 with a new description. I'd write as description:

```
Are you ready to start learning the vowels in Spanish?

Vowels are sounds made with an open mouth, without blocking the airflow. 

In Spanish, there are five vowels: **`a`**, **`e`**, **`i`**, **`o`**, **`u`**.

These are the vowels in uppercase: **`A`**, **`E`**, **`I`**, **`O`**, **`U`**.

One nice thing is that vowels are pronounced consistently, always using the same sounds. That is great because they are easy to learn and practice. Every time you see a vowel in a Spanish word, you'll know that it will be pronounced exactly the same as you learned.

Now it's time to start training your ear. 

This audio has the sounds of the five vowels in Spanish. Listen to them and practice repeating them until you feel more familiar with their sounds.

```

I've removed the references using the English language because this would be something really hard to translate to other languages. So, I'd avoid comparing English and Spanish.

Again, this is a suggestion, I do think this description would enrich the audio task. 

If you decide to keep the article I'd still strongly recommend removing the comparisons with English words.

---
id: 68e6f3bfc3e00d552c65902f
title: Task 1
challengeType: 24
dashedName: task-1
---

# --description--

## Vowels in Spanish

Great work so far! Now you are ready to start learning the vowels in Spanish.

> Vowels are sounds made with an open mouth, without blocking the airflow. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A simple way to think about vowels is that they are sounds you make without blocking the airflow coming from your lungs.
```
